This is the questions that are going to be used for the game.
just spit balling some ideas doesn't matter if it changes later.

Format : Questions : Anwser : wrong anwsers

We can just add other random possable anwser when be input them.


1. What is the Latest nitendo system? : Switch : GameCube, Wii , NES
2. When did the first Super mario bros release? : 1985 : 1984, 1986, 1987
3. Who is the main cahracter of The Legend of Zelda series? : Link : Zelda, ganon, tingle
4. What was the first Souls-like title for the developers From Software? : Demon Soul's : Dark soul's, Bloodborne, Elden Ring 
5. What is the name of the company that publised the series Metal Gear?: Konami : Sqarue Enix, Kojima Production, Nintendo
6. What is the name of the game with the main character of Chel? : Portal series : Half-life, TF2, Deadlock, Left $ Dead
7. Who is the  W.O.W. character currently with the title "Warchief of the Horde"? : Thrall : Rexxar, Illidan Stormrage, Blackhand
8. What game are the blades of chaos From? : God of war series : Final Fantasy VII, Dark soul's III, Prince of Persia
9. What is the 151 pokemon in the pokedex: Mew : Mewtwo, Bulbsaur, Pikachu
10. What Elder scrolls game did Bethesda softworks release in 2011: Skyrim : DaggerFall, MorrowWind, Oblivion 
11. What is the name of toby fox's first game : underTale : EarthBound, Deltarune, Celeste
12. Who is the main character of the Tomb Raider series: Laura Croft : Nathen Drake, Sly Cooper, Ratchet
13. What was the first W.O.W. expantion called? : The Burning Crusade : Wrath of the Lich King, Mist of Pandaria, ShadowLands
14. What is the platform shooter with a loonie Tunes art style: Cuphead : Little Big Planet, It takes Two, PsychoNauts
15. What game do the characters "Ryu" and "Ken" come from? : Street Fighter : Tekken, Punch out, Mortal Combate
16. In the Kirby series, what is kirbys bandana wearing friend: waddle dee: King Deedee, Metaknight, waddle Doo
17. Cloud Strife Is the main caharacter of what Final Fantasy: VII : VIII, X, VI
18. in what game do you have to pay yuor debits to Tom Nook? : Animal Crossing: Ace Attorney, Smash Bros, Doom Eternal
19. Who is the final Boss of Darks soul I : Gwyn of sunlight : John Dark soul's, Soul of cinder, slave Knight Gail
20. What is the series that the character Samus Comes from? : Metroid : Mass effect, F-zero, StarFox